Hello dear comrades, we
we are in barcelona mobile
congress and speak louder
not discard I chose here we are and
here in my hands nokia x7
nokia including washing their site is very big
phone
with very big on
This smartphone is probably a new line of feet
legs and x which will be located
midway between nokia asha and series and
After all, there is an ashab budget tube there is
me super scrimmage goal speaks louder
I do not troll enough and now will
nokia x legs x is built on android and
what was months
yes built of children respectively
here we can run programs on
android
really have to put mental
way because nokia start
company store will not be all
programs
just select some legs up
let down your shop let's show
body and it all starts with the design
you disturb me told and they interfere
what to start with polycarbonate theory
such a whole square and not with sharp corners
born you and a half meters away
5 pixel camera
speaker and as usual
many different let us about you post but
it is on all nokia devices and one
button below button back to
universal key
press and I
you can call him that forever
flipping back and forth a very useful feature
there is only on the board we are stuck
most important talk I do not understand
here android is not used
orroid or what is this android not
android
but as so 0 is used android of
children
with its interface
he looks scary i owe you myself he
it will output as windows phone
but on android and here it stands on
indicators 3 cards yes it looks like
windows phone windows mobile android
come up yes there is such a thing that is
can these tiles move gone like
interesting
celebrate scare very two years ago we
first filmed unforgettable videos about
nokia machine were shutters such
moving today we have tiles and tiles
moving here there is an app store
water is the most important and most important thing
there is an index top and many native curtains
of programs
for the android operating system and
accordingly, they are all grass here
Nothing is enough for them there
Internet and nothing works any ically
characteristics of what is there with 20 weak
match and gagged wolves dual core 768
megabytes of RAM
Stroydom you diagonal built not
remember how much
screen
check now
Yes
screen 843 480 what are they
nice machine it will be worth 110 euros
in Russia probably
and 6 in the morning will not turn into 67 thousand
rubles according to plans steven exterminators
him by he must compete with
inexpensive androids and you can
explain how you can control yourself
compete from the moment what
operating system
Of course due to the very smooth body
voiced forge batkin l even ancestors and
now you tell no
boosting sand banging at their hull
I misunderstood
Artem, thank you very much for your interesting
ascended i finished i think you finished
something else thanks for pro device i am
just can't hold back we are abducted
waited so long nokia on android
We got in the end to understand what kind of
quality familiar android
hybrid windows phone and android
steven claimed the life of the business in the chicken
said that this is android and service
fruit but microsoft services exactly
spoke it with pride although proud
I pull something from google a lot
paid services from microsoft services
not that the juice general, remember they are not
cool but nonetheless here
nokia was able to do android
microsoft services two pairs
thank you bye
goodbye from